Santos - Hitler’s rise to power, background information, and political participation before WW2. 
Named the “Fuhrer” - means leader or guide in German. Adolf Hitler was born April 1889, in Braunau am Inn in Austria-Hungary (present day Austria). He was the fourth of the six siblings he had from parents Alois Hitler and his THIRD wife Klara Polzl. Three of his siblings died in infancy. In 1892, the family moved to Passau, Germany because of Alois’ promotion to the customs administration. As he grew older there, he earned a lower Bavarian Dialect. 
	He became a leader to Germany by working his way up through the DAP - German Workers’ Party in 1918, shortly after WW1. He was one of the best speakers they had and aimed to appeal to Germany’s population and did so by renaming the group to the National Socialist German Workers’ Party). He became the unofficial leader in 1921 after being a cry baby about it and threatening to quit if he doesn’t get it his way. In 1922, he became the indefinite leader of Germany. He would kill anybody who spoke out against him to make Germany essentially brainwashed. He sent early Nazis to burn the Reichstag to convince people that his political opponent - the PRESIDENT - was bad and that he was good. This worked, and he had complete power to right laws without any checks or problems. The president, Hindenburg ,who he fought against in 1933, died in August of 1934 and Hitler became the official leader and president of Germany. After WW1, Germany was heavily damaged and forced into a weaker state for their crimes. Hitler ran on improving Germany and gained heavy influence. He became a dictator rather than staying as a chancellor using violence against his political opponents to advance in ranks. 

Daniel - primary witness winston churchill
Primary Witness: Winston Churchill
We all know Winston Churchill. He was a British Leader, who has been watching closely. How Hitler in Germany rose. This was during 1930s, and while we had many leaders whom have hoped peace could be maintained. But Churchill warned that Hitler’s fascist government is very dangerous. Winston Churchill has spoke out against Nazi aggression and Germany’s military buildup, which was huge. And even when others have ignored him. Winston Churchill has described fascism as a threat to the freedom and democracy and saying, “Those who fail to learn from history are condemned to repeat it.” And when World War II began, Winston Churchill became the Prime Minister of Britain. Has led Britain against Nazy Germany, proving that his warnings had been justified. 

Faith- primary witness Joseph Goebbels 
Paul Joseph Goebbels was a german politician and philologist as well as the chief of popaganda and then died by suicide at age 47.
Propaganda is political advertisements that are designed to sway your opinion on the political climate. No one is immune to propaganda no matter what. It is designed to persuade you. The reason why propaganda is so convincing to us is due to the combination of cognitive biases, emotional responses and our heavily politically influenced modern environment.Some of the most notable nazi propaganda was Der Stürmer (The Attacker), Der Giftpilz (The Poisonous Mushroom), and The Eternal Jew (1940). He controlled all german media and was Hitlers own personal lap dog when it came to his loyalty. 
He saw Hitler as Germany’s savior.Before their own suicide, Goebbels and his wife, Magda, made the tragic decision to poison their six young children, believing a life without Nazism and their twisted ideology was not worth living. On May 1, 1945, after the children were killed, Joseph and Magda Goebbels went to the garden of the Reich Chancellery, where they committed suicide. Their bodies were then partially burned with gasoline by SS guards
"Think of the press as a great keyboard on which the government can play." - Joseph Goebbels
"The moment one becomes aware of propaganda, it loses its effectiveness." - Joseph Goebbels



Santos - Primary Witness: Dr. Josef Mengele

Josef Mengele, nicknamed the “Angel of Death,” born April 1911 and died in 1979, was a German SS Officer and physician during WW2. He mainly worked at the Soviet front, but moved to the Auschwitz during the Holocaust to perform “scientific” study on prisoners at a concentration camp. He is one of the most infamous doctors who would select who got forced into a gas chamber. 3 quarters of the people selected were elderly, children, women, women with children, “weak” people, pregnant women, anybody ill or with anything they deemed unhealthy, such as disabilities. In a sick manner, he used his time at Auschwitz to focus his studies on identical twins, people with two different colored eyes, dwarfism, and physical abnormalities. He specifically targeted the Romani population. He also performed autopsies. In 1943, a bacterial disease came to the Romani camp called Noma - bacterial disease of the mouth and face - he immediately wanted to seek a treatment by using sick children as test subjects. He separated all the subjects in isolated rooms then applied vitamins to the children and saw rapid improvement in their well-being, so he stopped treating them soon after and had them dissected of their organs and limbs after they died of bad health. These organs were sent to multiple facilities for research of Noma. Later on, he asked for blood samples of each prisoner in Auschwitz to see if he could find out if proteins effect which race you are. Many died to that. Not long after, he began research on identical twins. He took children between ages 2 and 16 but only did anatomical and physical examinations. This would take weeks, and nobody knows what he was hoping to discover from twins. The children were often treated better than the standard prisoners, even spared from death for further research and given their own barracks with slightly better living conditions and better quality food. Apparently, Mengele even occasionally came into their barracks to offer them candies, and he treated them nicely to the point they called him “Uncle Mengele.” A forensic doctor from Auschwitz said that he thought Mengele was capable of kindness and showing empathy because of how well he treated the children - until he was sent their bodies directly from Mengele: of which he dissected and found they had been injected with a ton of poison. For the eye tests, he wanted to know if chemicals could affect eye color and how the eye functioned. He injected the eyes of prisoners with chemicals to test this - particularly blue. Nobody really knew what he wanted from this experiment. Apparently, many of the eyes sent to other facilities by him were of prisoners who died naturally - but many were sent in from prisoners who died from a lethal injection. 


(Packet) Between World War: FDR and the Age of isolationism
Wikipedia
PBS https://www.pbs.org/wgbh/americanexperience/features/goebbels-hitler/
https://winstonchurchill.org/resources/in-the-media/churchill-in-the-news/folger-library-churchills-shakespeare/
